c:\users\goldr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\bin\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.exe.config
c:\users\goldr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\bin\Debug\MarketDB.mdf
c:\users\goldr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\bin\Debug\MarketDB_log.ldf
c:\users\goldr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\bin\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.exe
c:\users\goldr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\bin\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.pdb
c:\users\goldr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\goldr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.Form1.resources
c:\users\goldr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\goldr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\goldr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.exe
c:\users\goldr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.pdb
c:\users\goldr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.CreateRent.resources
c:\users\goldr\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.ResultFilter.resources
C:\Users\goldr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.Registration.resources
C:\Users\goldr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.Map.resources
C:\Users\goldr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.Info.resources
C:\Users\goldr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.AddPlace.resources
C:\Users\goldr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.UpdateData.resources
C:\Users\goldr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.PayForm.resources
C:\Users\goldr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.Money.resources
C:\Users\goldr\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.Dynamic.resources
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\bin\Debug\MarketDB.mdf
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\bin\Debug\MarketDB_log.ldf
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\bin\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.exe.config
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\bin\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.exe
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\bin\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.pdb
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.AddPlace.resources
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.CreateRent.resources
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.Dynamic.resources
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.Form1.resources
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.Info.resources
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.Map.resources
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.Money.resources
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.PayForm.resources
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.Registration.resources
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.ResultFilter.resources
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.UpdateData.resources
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.exe
E:\Projects\MarketManagerLashchenkova\MarketManagerLashchenkova\obj\Debug\MarketManagerLashchenkova.pdb
